#!/usr/bin/env bash
# -*- bash -*-
#

install_package "Linux" gnupg
install_package "Linux" pinentry-curses
install_package "Linux" gnupg-agent
install_package "Linux" emacs24-nox
install_package "Linux" aspell
install_package "Linux" aspell-en

install_package "FreeBSD" git
install_package "FreeBSD" bash-completion
install_package "FreeBSD" aspell
install_package "FreeBSD" en-aspell
install_package "FreeBSD" emacs-nox11
install_package "FreeBSD" go
install_package "FreeBSD" python27

install_package "Darwin" aspell
install_package "Darwin" bash-completion
install_package "Darwin" "emacs --HEAD --cocoa --srgb --use-git-head --with-gnutls"
install_package "Darwin" git
install_package "Darwin" go
install_package "Darwin" leiningen
install_package "Darwin" markdown
install_package "Darwin" osxfuse
install_package "Darwin" pianobar
install_package "Darwin" s3cmd
install_package "Darwin" siege
install_package "Darwin" w3m
install_package "Darwin" wget
